Promote FileServices > Tenant Settings API from beta to v1.0 (#20488)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/v1.0/resources/tenantadmin-settings.md

| availableManagedPathsForSiteCreation               | String collection            | Collection of managed paths available for site creation. Read-only.                                                                                                                                            |
| deletedUserPersonalSiteRetentionPeriodInDays       | Int32                        | The number of days for preserving a deleted user's OneDrive.                                                                                                                                                   |
| excludedFileExtensionsForSyncApp                   | String collection            | Collection of file extensions not uploaded by the OneDrive sync app.                                                                                                                                           |
| idleSessionSignOut                                 | [tenantAdmin.idleSessionSignOut](../resources/tenantadmin-idlesessionsignout.md) | Specifies the idle session sign-out policies for the tenant.                                                                                               |

> | imageTaggingOption                                 | [tenantAdmin.imageTaggingChoice](../resources/tenantadmin-settings.md#imagetaggingchoice-values) | Specifies the image tagging option for the tenant. Possible values are: `disabled`, `basic`, `enhanced`.                                   |

Reviewer: Global comment (applies to all the properties which have enums as return types, and this might require an update on the beta resource file: 
The following link takes you to our Evolvable Enums wiki, please see Step 3 as you need to add a clarification: (https://dev.azure.com/msazure/One/_wiki/wikis/Microsoft%20Graph%20Partners/211749/Evolvable-enumerations?anchor=step-3%3A-add-clarification-if-one-or-more-members-follow-unknownfuturevalue )

| isCommentingOnSitePagesEnabled                     | Boolean                      | Indicates whether comments are allowed on modern site pages in SharePoint.                                                                                                                                     |
| isFileActivityNotificationEnabled                  | Boolean                      | Indicates whether push notifications are enabled for OneDrive events.                                                                                                                                          |
| isLegacyAuthProtocolsEnabled                       | Boolean                      | Indicates whether legacy authentication protocols are enabled for the tenant.                                                                                                                                  |

> | isLoopEnabled                                      | Boolean                      | Indicates whetherif Fluid Framework is allowed on SharePoint sites.                                                                                                                                            |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| isLoopEnabled                                      | Boolean                      | Indicates whether if Fluid Framework is allowed on SharePoint sites.                                                                                                                                            |
```
